Serverless nag pack complete (#1793)
cdklabs/cdk-nag: RULES.md

| [LambdaTracing](https://awslabs.github.io/serverless-rules/rules/lambda/tracing/)                                                     | The Lambda function does not have X-Ray tracing enabled.                        | AWS Lambda can emit traces to AWS X-Ray, which enables visualizing service maps for faster troubleshooting. X-Ray tracing provides insights into the performance and behavior of your Lambda functions, helping to identify bottlenecks, errors, and dependencies. Enabling tracing allows you to track requests as they traverse through your serverless applications, making it easier to debug and optimize your functions. Consider enabling X-Ray tracing.             |

> | [StarPermissions](https://awslabs.github.io/serverless-rules/rules/lambda/star_permissions/)                                          | Lambda function has overly permissive permissions.                              | Lambda functions should follow the principle of least privilege. Functions with a requirement for a broad range of permissions should be known ahead of time. Metadata explaining the evidence (e.g. via supporting links) for wildcard permissions allows for transparency to operators.                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [LambdaStarPermissions](https://awslabs.github.io/serverless-rules/rules/lambda/star_permissions/)                                          | The Lambda IAM role uses wildcard permissions.                              | Lambda functions should follow the principle of least privilege. Functions with a requirement for a broad range of permissions should be known ahead of time. Metadata explaining the evidence (e.g. via supporting links) for wildcard permissions allows for transparency to operators.                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| LambdaFunctionUrlAuth                 | The Lambda Function URL allows for public, unauthenticated access.                                               | AWS Lambda Function URLs allow you to invoke your function via a HTTPS end-point, setting the authentication to NONE allows anyone on the internet to invoke your function.                                                                                                                                                          |
| LambdaEventSourceSQSVisibilityTimeout | The SQS queue visibility timeout of Lambda Event Source Mapping is less than 6 times timeout of Lambda function. | Setting the visibility timeout to [at least 6 times the Lambda function timeout](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-configure-lambda-function-trigger.html) helps prevent configurations resulting in duplicate processing of queue items when the Lambda function execution is retried. |

> 

Reviewer: 1. Update the `Cause`s to match with the feedback I gave for the rule descriptions
2. This section should come before the `Additional Rules` section
